Every R rounds one of the drones is "eliminated", the last drone left in the game is the winner of the game.

Each drone has (all floating points):
    (coordinate x, coordinate y)
    current speed (increased or decreased in each round)
    direction (angle from x-axis)
    score (maybe not floating point)
    ID

Each turn a drone:
    Moves according to its place, current heading, speed.
    Calls mayDestroy(new_position). Returns TRUE if the drone may destroy the target, otherwise FALSE.
        (drones do not know the coordinates of the target on the board game).
    If the current target is destroyed, a new target is created at a random position on the game board
    Randomly changes its speed and heading.

Drone movement:
    When the next location is greater than the board width or height, or is negative in either axis (this
    requires checking 4 conditions), subtract or add the torus cycle (100 in this example) if needed.
    Speed may also change beyond the bounds (0 to 100), in this case we cut off the value to the respective bound.

Threads (co-routines) in the game:
    Each drone (A drone’s co-routine number is its id, which should be visible to it as an argument at activation (either in a register, or on its own stack, your choice))
    The target
    The scheduler (manages when to run the other threads). WRITTEN IN A SEPARATE FILE! (details in the assignment page).
    The printer (prints the current state of the game board each K steps, where step means an execution step of one drone. Detailed in the assignment page).

Command line arguments:
    ass3 <N> <R> <K> <d> <seed>

When program starts (Main):
    Parse command line arguments
    Create the initial state configuration of drones and the initial state of the target
    initialize appropriate drones and target
    Pass control to a scheduler co-routine which decides the appropriate scheduling for the co-routines.
        The scheduling algorithm for drones is ROUND ROBIN.
    **** All other functions detailed in the assignment page ****

Initial configuration:
    Calculated randomly with 16 bit resolution (for each required number) by the main() function.
    Initial angle values are floating point in the range [0,360], but note that you need to convert angles into radians.
    Allocate a dynamic array of drones, with their current positions, speeds, headings, and scores.
        Every co-routine will be able to access this array for reading and writing.
    Allocate space and initialize the co-routine structures. Two additional co-routines should be initialized: scheduler and printer.
    Configuration order:
        1. initialize the target
        2. initialize the drones
    Random coordinate generation order is : x coordinate, y coordinate (and for the drones the speed, and the angle is last).

Components:
    Main
    Scheduler
    Randomization function
    Printer
    Target
    Drone

* Make all possible variables global
* You should use the label main as your entry point and also declare "global main", so you could compile with gcc (and not with ld)
* Files:
    ass3.s (contains main(), common functions, and global variables)
    scheduler.s
    printer.s
    drone.s
    target.s
    Executable must be named ass3
* Allowed C functions:
    printf, fprintf, sscanf, malloc, calloc, free


Friday, 12.6:
    Main -> Sagiv
        All except calls to the randomization function
    Create all .s files -> Sagiv

Monday, 15.6:
    Randomization function -> Zohar
    Scheduler -> Zohar

Wednesday, 17.6:
    Target -> Sagiv
    Printer -> Sagiv

Friday, 19.6:
    Drone

Saturday, 20.6:
    Debugging
